- 2/4/2019, Monday - Sifu Warrior the light is starting the White Belt kata over. 1st day of the kata is January 30, 2019. He is currently on day 5 as of 2/3/2019. He usually makes the commits in the evening so I should see something in the morning. I am adjusting my approach to job hunting this month like I try to do every month. My goal this month is to add to my portfolio. I want something recent for others to see.
- 1/29/2019, Tuesday - As of 1/28/2019 Sifu Warrior of the light completed Day 17. I am trying to bounce back from yesterday. 
- 1/28/2019, Monday - As of 1/27/2019 Sifu Warrior of light completed Day 16 of White Belt test. I am low energy today but I did some coding done this morning. Not sure where the funk is coming from.
- 1/25/2019, Friday - Finished Mastering Typescript book! That felt good because it was loosing my interest by the 2nd half of the book. Check in on Warrior of the light and he is still posting updates to the sort kata. I am not sure how much he is getting/learning from this kata addition but I appreciate the effort. He is on day 13 as of yesterday (1/24/2019). Busy day today. I will be driving to Sacramento for family business so I won't have much time on the computer.
- 1/24/2019, Thursday - Yesterday was busy but fun. I volunteered at Code Tenderloin in the SF. They were talking with youth about our programs. There were about 700 students there and it was energizing. I loved chatting with them about what Code Tenderloin was doing in the area. I also went to yoga at Hella. So all in all a good day. Not enough time to do everything, but that's how it goes sometimes. Sifu warrior of the light has been keeping up on his katas! yesterday (1/23/2019) will be day 12.
- 1/22/2019, Tuesday - Sifu warrior of the light is on Day 10. He just added a quick sort to the repo. Today is the 3rd round of my interview at Trilogy. It looks like I am doing okay so far.
- 1/21/2019, Monday - Today is a holiday but I need to work like it isn't. I checked my sifu partner's progress, he is on Day 9 as of 1/20/2019. Tomorrow is my interview with Trilogy.
- 1/20/2019, Sunday - Yesterday was day #8 for sifu warrior of the light. I am working hard to keep up on my 301DaysOfCode challenge. The weekends are hard to remember. I have to code in the morning or else I run out of time to code. My goal is a minimum of 1 hour a day coding. 
- 1/18/2019, Friday - I meant to post here daily so I could more easily track Sifu "warrior of the light". He is on Day #6 (as of 1/17/2019). It feels really good having someone go through the course. Plus I am learning areas where I messed up too. I swear it is true, "Students teach the instructor while the instructor is teaching them". It is a Ying-Yang balance.
- 1/14/2019, Monday - Today I wanted to sleep in but I can't. Got to remember the process. Sleeping in for me means to stay in bed past 6 am. My goal is to get up early and code before the house starts moving. On the weekends I am easier on myself because it is the weekend and I must remember to rest. Today I checked on Sifu Joel and he has another commit. Now on Day #2!
- 1/13/2019, Sunday - This is a new year with new beginings. Looking forward to a career in code. I can do this. I am doing this. I will do this. Today was the first day towards my Yellow Belt. I am working with Joel Hernandez on getting his white belt in the BJD. He did his first kata on 1/12/2019 so it is official. Day #1. I will probably post in here to keep track of his progress.