- 12/7/2017 Thursday post. Last night was great. I met some cool people at WaffleJS. I want to add more details to this post but I have run out of time. Met Valerian and Feross of NodeUp. [ Day 13 of 30 ]
- 12/6/2017 Wednesday post. Making sure I do my GitHub challenge updates everyday. Don't want to restart this again. [ Day 12 of 30 ]
- 12/5/2017 Tuesday post. Tomorrow is [WaffleJS](https://wafflejs.com/) in San Francisco. I haven't bought my ticket yet but I do plan to go. Looking into ".md" file extensions for visual studio code. Of course visual studio code has a [built in markdown viewer](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown). That is awesome! VS Code is such a great editor! They show some ways to modify the way the viewer displays the markdown also, [Markdown Extension API](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/extensionAPI/api-markdown) [ Day 11 of 30 ]
- 12/4/2017 Monday post. Whistle while you work. Getting my post in. So nervous I won't complete this challange. [ Day 10 of 30 ]
- 12/3/2017 Sunday post. Still not working on a prject yet. Lots of areas I am interested in but not making the time to work on anything. Feels hard to balance life with working on code. [ Day 9 of 30 ]
- 12/2/2017 Saturday post. Feeling energetic. Let's see what coding happens today. I have errands to do before I can focusing on coding. Let's hope I get things done. [ Day 8 of 30 ]
- 12/1/2017 Friday post. Chugging along. [ Day 7 of 30 ]
- 11/30/2017 Thursday post. I really need to code something. I am doing other things well but I don't have a project in front of me. Maybe I will start with some tutorials while I work up to a project. [ Day 6 of 30 ]
- 11/29/2017 Wednesday post. Thinking about why I like BJD. Coding with others is why I like it. I would have joined another group if I could have found one doing this at a time I could do. In order to work hard on something I needed to know my "why". My "Why" is that I love coding and sharing that with other programmers... Just posted the next BJD meetup. [ Day 5 of 30 ]
- 11/28/2017 Tuesday post. Bitcoin hit $10,000 per coin. Wow. I bought at $1,500 per coin. Amazing. This week Big Bang Theory will have an episode featuring Bitcoin. That shows how mainstream this is becoming. [ Day 4 of 30 ]
- 11/27/2017 Woke up to my alarm at the new time. I always start off strong. Let's see what happens after 13 days or so. Will the changes I made be enough. Today is Monday of a long week. I will be working overtime while my co-workers are in training. [ Day 3 of 30]
- 11/26/2017 Long day. Finishing the day with a post for my White Belt. Today I dropped my daughter off at school. I love her and it is great seeing her fulfill her dreams. I wish I had started the day with a post. But I am happy that I posted today and didn't miss my it. [ Day 2 of 30 ]
- 11/25/2017 Today is our BJD meetup. I am excited. There are 11 people signed up. By the laws of meetup averages that means 3+ will be there. I will handout some of the first BJD stickers. [ Day 1 of 30 ]
---
I woke up shocked this morning. I have not been doing my github challenge. I think the holiday distracted me. We just finished Thanksgiving holiday. Now as I think about it. The first morning I missed my post the shower wasn't working. That distracted me because my morning routine is to roll out of bed and go directly into the shower. The water heater was off and I couldn't take a completely cold shower. I didn't realize I was missing my post. That only explains the first day. Second day was Thanksgiving. I have been watching loads of TV and practicing Russian. There is no excuse for missing the GitHub challenge. 
How can I avoid this in the future? What changes can I make? 1st, before I take a shower post to GitHub. 2nd, make a special alarm labeled "post to GitHub". I want to finish this challenge in 2017 and I need to make corrections for that to happen. 
Corrections start now. At this pace Christmas morning should be my last challenge update. Cross your fingers for me!
---
- 11/22/2017 Another day posting to my challenge. Watching a couple Vue tutorials on YouTube. [ Day 13 of 30 ]
- 11/21/2017 Short week at work. Today is Tuesday. Excited for the BJD this weekend. Looking up more material for us to cover. An hour is short but anything is better than nothing. As more people get into it we will code longer. Now I need to get people engaged. [ Day 12 of 30 ]
- 11/20/2017 It is Monday morning and I have the day off of work. Long weekend and a short week. Woot Woot! I finished working through the React JS tutorial last night. Now I need to find and equally awesome Vue tutorial for this Saturday. I just looked at my commit record and it seems my update on the 3rd day didn't push. I will be adding a few more days to this challenge so I KNOW that it is completed successfully.  [ Day 11 of 30 ]
- 11/19/2017 Sunday strong. Visiting family for the weekend. Working hard to keep up with my challenge. I just thought this would be a great belt worthy event. It is not difficult but it shows discipline. I will look up the colors of belts and make a correlation between challenges and belts. This is verifiable because it is done in public. I think that is what really makes it belt worthy. Actions that are done in public for all to see and verify. The goal is to complete even if you have to try a few times. [ Day 10 of 30 ]
- 11/18/2017 Saturday is in the books. I got it. I didn't do this right away but I did update during my first cup of coffee. We have a busy weekend travelling and visiting family. Plus next week is Thanksgiving holiday. That means a lot of preparing for company and cooking. [ Day 9 of 30 ]
- 11/17/2017 It's Friday. I will need to watch out missing any days this weekend. We are busy and I still need to post. [ Day 8 of 30 ]
- 11/16/2017 evening post. Coding through the [BYOS tutorial](https://www.andrewhfarmer.com/build-your-own-starter/#7-react) It feels like lightning in my veins to get the node server up and running. OMG! it feels good to get code on the screen and watch it run!! I LOVE CODING!! Especially when it works. I did see that VS Code is running version 7.9 of Node. I was hoping to test the new npm default that updates the package.json but I couldn't because it is not in this version of Node. That happens in 8. I will have to wait until VS Code updates their Node install, which will in turn update the npm install. [ Day 7 of 30 ]
- 11/16/2017 I am on the run out the door. Updating this file with coffee in my hand. That is the new change. I am linking my GitHub challenge with coffee. Coffee is something I drink every day but now I also upload to GitHub. Booyah! [ Day 6 of 30 ]
- 11/15/2017 Phew! Almost missed my coffee and code this morning. Had to do this from work instead of home. Funny how that happens. I have been doing this so long, all year (ahem), that it was easy to pull and keep going. I also found a little powershell script to help me find my git repo on the local computer. `Get-ChildItem . -Attributes Directory,Directory+Hidden -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue -Include ".git" -Recurse`. It worked like a charm and was pretty quick. Keeping that for the future ;) This morning I found a meetup for December 10th. Looks pretty neat and Brian is speaking at it. [AlterConf](https://www.alterconf.com/conferences/san-francisco-ca-2017 ) [ Day 5 of 30 ]
- 11/14/2017 It's Tuesday and I am keeping up with the challenge. Last night I went to a Berkeley Bitcoin meetup talking about law. It was informative but I was exhausted so hard to keep my eyes open. I ran into Dave from Berkeley. Nice guy. [ Day 5 of 30 ]
- 11/13/2017 Coffee and comments. I made another day. Getting ready for work now. It is a Monday after 3 days off. Hard to motivate. That's how I know I am not doing the right kind of work. Would rather be coding! [ Day 4 of 30 ]
- 11/12/2017 Phew! Made it. I kept putting this off for something else. It is 3:36 pm and I had to fight to stop and make this update. The funny thing about this challenge is that it is so simple to write a couple of lines. I feel anyone can do that. The challenge is the commitment to do it daily. I made a [Fiverr](https://www.fiverr.com/) order to make a logo for stickers I plan to have in 2018. It should complete in a day. I have had experience with Fiverr. You get what you pay for. I only offered $5 because I don't have any money coming into BJD and don't want to sink money into a non revenue generating venture. I am excited to see how this turns out. [ Day 3 of 30 ]
- 11/11/2017 I wish you Health and Happiness. Today I starting with my goals. First is do to the 30 day challenge. This whole page is dedicated to that goal. I have failed TONS of times on this challenge in 2017. What makes this "start" different than the rest? The difference is today. Today is a new day. Today is "The Day". I am alive. I will do what I want to do. Second thing I am connecting another goal/project with this challenge. I have a group called Berkeley Javascript Dojo. I want to build this community over 2018. One strategy for building my BJD community is to share my experiences. I have not been coding for the past few months. I am rusty and want to get back into coding like a pro. When I get I rusty I lose my confidence.  [ Day 2 of 30 ]
- 11/10/2017 Missed more days but I am okay with it. Got sick this week. Missed a couple days of work due to fever. The good thing is at the end of this sickness I am finding my focus. Today is a holiday. This week I had 3 days off of work and that has been incredibly freeing. I think a fog develops when you work to much. Other people's issue start to become my own. I am happy with my dreams. I get unhappy with my Slave Wage job. While working my Slave Wage job I hear all the propaganda and internalize it. I take their issues as my own. Slowly the propaganda fog clouds my vision. Obscure my focus. In the end I get stressed and want to achieve things they can't. I need to keep my focus. Drown out their thoughts and stay with my dreams. Do what makes me happy. Coding and technology is that dream, the light that burns brightest for me. Berkeley Javascript Dojo is something that I feel will help me hone my skills and re-focus my efforts. [ Day 1 of 30 ]
---
- 11/4/2017 Missed days. Do the math. I let my lack of planning take over and derail me. I need to take control and plan some of this. Coffee and a GitHub post will be the new routine. I drink coffee every day. While I wait for the french press with Philz in it I can push a post. [ Day 1 of 30 ]
---
- 11/1/2017 Waiting for [WaffleJS](https://wafflejs.com/). I have some things to do at home before I can head out to SF. Happy I didn't miss a day of posting yet. [ Day 2 of 30 ]
- 10/31/2017 "Trick or Treat!". It is Halloween and I am back. Trying the 30 day challenge again. My daughter is at college. My wife and I are empty nesters. Time to do something more with my time. I don't have a coding project figured out yet. I have lots of ideas but I need to code on something. Cryptocurrency/Blockchain has really grabbed my attention this year. Keep an eye on my repos. Anything I do will find it's way there. Tomorrow I am going to [WaffleJS](https://wafflejs.com/) meetup in SF. I like this meetup because it is a social meetup. Nice people. Open minded. Don't bring your laptop. [ Day 1 of 30 ]
---
- Well I missed another day. I can make a week at a time but I can't seem to complete 30 days in a row. There is too much shit going on to make this happen. Or as I should rephrase it I obviously haven't committed enough to this to make it happen. I am not sure where to go now. I am so sick of restarting. It is so hard to commit and complete this task. Maybe I need to do some soul searching and put my energy into something more achievable. This was so simple I thought I could do it no problem Ha That was not the case. I have a full time job, 2 adult students (living at home), and a wife. I feel really pulled all over the place. I want to just sit and code. I am happiest when I am doing "good" code, but I don't want to sacrifice my family time. I want to be able to listen to my daughter tell me about her day. I don't want to tell her to wait while I spend another 1 hour programming. Argh. This is hard. Maybe when the dragon spawn move out of the house I will have a better chance at doing this. Maybe I will be able to complete the challenge... We shall see.
---
- 5/7/2017 Beautiful morning in the East Bay! Making my post before I forget. [ Day 7 of 30 ]
- 5/6/2017 Boom! Making it happen. Got to work on a small emergency job. [ Day 6 of 30 ]
- 5/5/2017 Almost missed this. Happy Cinco De Mayo! I woke up later than I really wanted to. I am making this post after work. Thank goodness it is getting done but sleeping in isn't an option. If I want more sleep I need to go to be earlier. At least for the next 30 days. [ Day 5 of 30 ]
- 5/4/2017 Yesterday I got a call from an old client for help. Looking at the application I created for them I forgot how much I have accomplished. That was years ago and it still works great for them. You need to remind yourself sometimes of your accomplishments. They feel I can move the earth and sky. I feel like I am not as good as I want to be. Too funny :laughing: [ Day 4 of 30 ]
- 5/3/2017 Making my commit early. I am sure this is the only way to make sure I can fulfill my commitment! Inspirational rap I found today Qbala from Fort Collins Colorado is still producing music. She has this song I ran across and I think the message was pretty clear ( https://youtu.be/RXbPzrV3cvo ). Great song for the day. [ Day 3 of 30 ]
- 5/2/2017 I don't know if I made a post on 4/30/2017, but I am 99% sure I updated the document and didn't do a `git push`. I will find out next time I update from home. I don't want to psych myself out thinking about it. I have felt so strongly about making this the THIRTY (30) day challenge! (later that same day) I got home and checked my computer. The time stamp on the working folder showed 4/30/2017 but when I did my `git pull` there were no conflicts. and April 30th was not in my notes. That really fucking FUCKING sucks. I was really ready to kick some ass on this round. I just want to cry. I can do the work but my commitment isn't there or something. I can't seem to go more than a week without fuck FUCK FUCKING IT UP and missing a day. I don't usually miss more than one day but the honor goal is 30 straight days. I just want to cry, but instead I bought some absinthe. Not going for a bender, just a little on the rocks to soothe the pain of loosing/failing once again. I want to code for a living so this must happen. :muscle: [ Day 2 of 30 ]
- 5/1/2017 I am making another post today. Reading about cryptocurrencies a lot. Daily routine helps sharpen the craft. Getting excited about more javascript katas. [ Day 1 of 30 ]
---
Failed to make my daily committment... again. Working on accepting the failure and trying again!!! Fall on your back so you can see up and get up!
:anger: 
---
- 4/29/2017 Kia! [ Day 8 of 30 ]
- 4/28/2017 Sun phase is almost over. Pieces sun is hard sometimes. Today is Friday! Woot Woot. Time to get my butt into gear. I have been looking into `stdout` and `stderr`. Looks pretty interesting. [ Day 7 of 30 ]
- 4/27/2017 Again didn't do this update first thing. I almost forgot about it. That was close and familiar. This is how it seems to happen a lot. I get wrapped up in the every day or whatever and then I forget to do my updates. Ridiculous. Gotta get my head in the game if I plan on making this work... [ Day 6 of 30 ]
- 4/26/2017 I didn't do this in the morning and it has been a struggle to remember to do it the rest of the day. Shouldn't be that hard to do. Now it is done and off my plate. I agree that morning is the best time for me to do this before the madness of the day washes it all away. I am working on a few javascript exercises to keep me fresh and frosty with my code. The github kata is working so well that it is past time to create more katas!! [ Day 5 of 30 ]. 
- 4/25/2017 Woke up late but making my update anyway! [ Day 4 of 30]
- 4/24/2017 Doing this update in the mornings is the best approach for success [ Day 3 of 30 ]
- 4/23/2017 Tomorrow this needs to be the first thing I do in the morning. [ Day 2 of 30 ]
- 4/22/2017 Lost my focus and didn't update every day. [ Day 1 of 30 ]

---
Failed to make my daily committment. Accept the failure and try again. 
:exclamation: :anger: :zap: 
:tiger: :tiger:
:globe_with_meridians: :new_moon: :new_moon_with_face:
---

- 4/19/2016 Working on a different way to present the Dojo.
- 4/18/2017 I am starting over. The weekends are my enemy! [ Day 2 of 30 ] :bow: :japanese_ogre: :new_moon:
- 4/17/2017 I am feeling rather crushed. I don't think I did an update on Sunday. I am at work so I can't check. Hopefully I have a commit on my home computer waiting to be pushed. That would still count for the challenge. I am posting anyway. I will check my home machine and hope there is a gift waiting for me! [ Day 1 of 30  ]

---
starting over... "from the top" :sob: :weary: :heartbeat: :fire: :runner:
30 Days of GitHub here I come!
---

- 4/15/2017 No one showed up to the BJD meetup. I only had myself and one other person RSVP yes. But that person didn't show up and I decided to do some work on the GitHub repo while they weren't here. Make the most out of my time. [ Day 9 of 30 ]
- 4/14/2017 So tired today. Too many days in a row of staying up late. [ Day 8 of 30 ]
- 4/13/2017 Almost forgot to update! That was close. I really want to make the 30 days in a row of updates. [ Day 7 of 30 ]
- 4/12/2017 Making an update before it gets too late. This weekend I will be talking Angular 2 with the Dojo. Last night I helped friend work on websockets. I would like to learn more about websockets. Definitely a popular technology. [ Day 6 of 30 ]
- 4/11/2017 not missing a day [ Day 5 of 30 ]
- 4/10/2017 Checking in! :smiley: [ Day 4 of 30 ]
- 4/9/2017 Another day, staying on track! :muscle: [ Day 3 of 30 ]
- 4/8/2017 Quit commit to keep on track. Hah! [ Day 2 of 30 ]
- 4/7/2017 I am so upset that I missed a day and have to start all over with my GitHub katas. I need to keep at this for a solid 30 days or all my work was for nothing. I will start making my updates to the top of the stack instead of scrolling to the bottom. This is getting long and I am sick of scrolling to the bottom, or jumping to the bottom. Well here I go! [ Day 1 of 30 ]

---
starting over... "from the top" :weary:  :disappointed:  :scream:  :fu:  :godmode: 30 Days of GitHub here I come!
---
- 2/24/2017, Good Morning
- 2/25/2017, Good Morning. Going to meet Winston for :coffee:.
- 2/26/2017, Afternoon. Working on final exam for MongoDB University! Oh boy this is a challenge!
- 2/28/2017, Finished the MongoDB class! Woo Hoo! That was a bit of a challenge. Time was against me for the workload. Now I will pivot to another project. Time to put effort into shopping app. Tinkering all the time. :honeybee: -soulfire
- 3/1/2017, I got an offer I couldn't refuse while working on the "Am-Fresh" app my wife and I thought of. Boy do I like to over extend myself! 
- 3/2/2017, Tonight is an SFNode meetup. Should be fun.
- 3/6/2017, Missed a couple of days of practice and that is disappointing. I am trying to do as many days as possible using the GitHub katas. Happy Birthday! Today I am the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy answer to everything. Feels pretty good.
- 3/8/2017, Going sailing today. Open up the NativeScript page to see what it has to offer.
- 3/9/2017, Having issues installing NativeScript on my Windows 8.1 machine. pain in the arse. Most of it is installed but some last part is broken :confounded: !
- 3/10/2017, Got to love coding for this answer. I got into NativeScript when there was a breaking change from Android SDK. Android moved things around so that I was doomed to fail. Luckily there was I got an answer to my dilema from Stack Overflow! :sunglasses: :computer: :heart:
- 3/12/2017, Missed a day due to friends visiting. Taking a break today. We will see what happens. :hatching_chick::hatching_chick::hatching_chick::hatching_chick:
- 3/15/2017, Last night I watched a show called "Abstract" on Netflix and I really enjoyed it. He commented that artist should draw everyday. I agree with that. Programming is the same way for me. I need to program everyday to keep myself sharp. I also need to work harder if I find there are parts of my skill set lacking! :bowtie: :muscle: :checkered_flag:
- 3/16/2017, Tired today and woke up late. Trying hard to make my daily github update! Yay! I have almost committed! 
- 3/17/2017, Working hard to do my daily kata. Position 2 Github Kata.
- 3/18/2017, Found an organization online that calls itself CoderDojo. So funny how you get reminded that no "great" idea is unique or REALLY new. Berkeley Javascript Dojo (BJD) is not the same, nor is it inspired by CoderDojo or CodeWars. I will look into each of these more. I envision BJS as a seed that will grow into more meetups. The format is location-language-Dojo. The group will set up regular meetings. Create Katas for users to practice and improve. Create a way to communicate, we use Slack in our Dojo. Each user must participate to be considered a member of the Dojo. Membership is free because knowledge should be shared, not hoarded. There is more too it but that is all I feel like writing down at the moment.
- 3/19/2017, Realized I can't get any real coding time if I don't wake up early on the weekend. Splitting my time between family and coding takes deliberate action. Time to look into the NativeScript tutorial some more.
- 3/21/2017, Forgot to do an update yesterday. Seems like I will be sarting over again. Teaching myself a lesson. When I do 30 days in a row I will be in a good place! :muscle:
- 3/22/2017, Went to MongoDB meetup last night in San Francisco. That was fun. I got to ask questions of some of the internal team. I also met a nice guy from Aspen. Time to try some new meetups. I have been going to the same topics for awhile and they aren't as interesting as they once were. I feel like it is more marketing. I want more inspiration.
- 3/23/2017, Almost forgot to update today. I was inspired to add my notes for a politcal app on github. I figure I have 4 years of inspiration under the new administration. 
- 3/24/2017, It's Friday!!!! :star:
- 3/25/2017, I'm at the monthly BJD (Berkeley Javascript Dojo) meetup. I am on time and no one is here. 3 people said they would attend during the 4 hour block. We will see how that goes. Consistency is important for me as the host. Even if they don't show I will.
- 3/27/2017, Daily practice! I forgot to push my updates from home computer OR I forgot to do my daily katas. I thought I was on it doing my daily katas but I can't be sure. Now I am at work and there is no way to know until I get home. But this will give me a chance to see what happens when someone updates a repo and then someone else tries to update the same repo later. Hopefully Git merges the old updates with mine... not sure till I try it :smiley:
- 3/28/2017, At Working trying not to forget my Kata for the day. Last night I did some github work on multiple repos and that felt good. Looks like the practice is paying off. [ Day 2 of 30 ] :high_brightness:
- 3/29/2017, Didn't start the day coding. Waking up at 5 am shouldn't feel like cheating. Going to bed at 10 pm was the real problem. Excited to play with Angular 4 this weekend. I added some notes to the BJD github page. [ Day 3 of 30 ] :muscle:
- 3/30/2017, Geting my kata in early today. I don't want to start over. Hopefully today I will get some time to work on the BJD gitHub some more. I really want to get the bones of that up. I realized that I made a choice that is a problem. I created my notes as doc files which is not accessible to everyone. I need to convert those files into markdown. I shouldn't maintain both because that is too much work. [ Day 4 of 30 ]
- 3/31/2017, Worked on the GitHub repo. I pushed a bunch of files and empty folders to the repo. It is easier for me to work on it if I sync to the repo instead of just having it on my laptop. So much fun!! Tomorrow I need to start on Am-Fresh. [ Day 5 of 30 ] :stuck_out_tongue: :fire:
- 4/1/2017, Getting some work done on BJD github. I also made some updates to Arlen's GitIt repo. Almost forgot to make my kata post today. [ Day 6 of 30 ]
- 4/2/2017, Gotta get myself on target today. It is early and I don't have my thoughts organized yet. [ Day 7 of 30 ]
- 4/3/2017, Moving right along. Kia! [ Day 8 of 30 ]
- 4/4/2017, Practice makes perfect! I have been consumed lately with trying to understand cryptocurrency even more. There are gaps in my understanding and I am trying to fill them in so I know what the heck it is and how it all works together. It is a fun journey. I traded a little and that helped. Next on the list is to build a miner. The node and miner connection is kind of alluding me. Also pools are another thing I hear about but don't know the details of. So much to learn and understand. [ Day 9 of 30 ] :star2: :dizzy:
- 4/5/2017, works on Am-Fresh wireframes yesterday. Tonight is a Waffle.js meetup. Interested to see it because I have heard good things in the past. [ Day 10 of 30 ]